Actions Page (#42)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/integrations/actions.md

Actions can be used to trigger automations within Home Assistant. An example `configuration.yaml` entry might be:

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Action Turn Lights Off"
    initial_state: true
    trigger:
      - platform: event
        event_type: mobile_app.action_fired
        event_data:
          actionName: 'Bed Time'
    action:
      service: light.turn_off
      entity_id: group.all_lights
```

Note that attributes located in the `data` and `context` are accessed through `event_data` and `event_context` respectively within the automation.

You can use the Events page within Home Assistant's developer tools to show all information contained with the event for a particular event by subscribing to `mobile_app.action_fired` and triggering the action from you device.

# Apple Watch
The [Apple Watch App](integrations/apple-watch.md) provides access to actions you have created. Once you have created an action within the Actions page, you can load it into the watch app by tapping "Send now" on the Apple Watch page within App Configuration.

# Home Screen Quick Actions

> [Home Screen Quick Actions](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/iphone/keep-apps-handy-iph414564dba/ios) provides a convenient shortcut to your actions and is accessed by 3D Touching the Home Assistant companion app icon on your home screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Home Screen Quick Actions](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/keep-apps-handy-iph414564dba/ios#iph1ffcbd691) provides a convenient shortcut to your actions and is accessed by 3D Touching the Home Assistant companion app icon on your home screen.
```
